Who's making noise here?
He also claims to be the messenger of the Ghost Valley faction
Humor is him
He didn't have an invitation letter and wanted to trespass in Tianyuan Club
Are you the one who claims to be the messenger of Ghost Valley?
The people below are ignorant
How offensive
Forgot to suffer
Did Butler Liu make a mistake about me?
I'm Su Shaoming from the Su family
How could this kid be any shit?
Ghost Valley messenger
He is just a member of the Lu family
Just a useless young master
Do you mean I'm not as knowledgeable as you?
The ancient light principal is an immortal who is improving
No hurry
Sun Dasheng
The outcome of your bet with me is obvious
Should you go to school on your knees?
Someone
This trash
Pretending to be a winter vacation
I don't believe it.
Is there no one who understands this winter vacation?
Boy, you insult the ink messenger and offend me
Are you courting death?